GOOGLE_PLAY_SUBMISSION_GUIDE.md, before:

# Quick Start Guide - Complete Google Play Submission

This guide walks you through the remaining manual steps to complete your Google Play Store submission.

---

## ✅ **WHAT'S ALREADY DONE**

All code implementations are complete:
- ✅ Enhanced web privacy policy (3 new sections)
- ✅ Mobile Terms of Service screen (brand new)
- ✅ Mobile FAQ screen (brand new)
- ✅ Background location justification
- ✅ Third-party SDK disclosures
- ✅ Data deletion instructions
- ✅ Updated dates to December 6, 2025

---

## 🚀 **REMAINING STEPS** (2-3 hours total)

### **Step 1: Deploy Web App** (30 minutes) 🚨 **CRITICAL**

You MUST have a publicly accessible privacy policy URL before submitting to Google Play.

#### **Option A: Using Vercel (Recommended - Easiest)**
```bash
cd /home/morty/Work/akademove

# Install Vercel CLI if needed
npm install -g vercel

# Deploy web app
cd apps/web
vercel --prod

# You'll get a URL like: https://akademove.vercel.app
# Your privacy policy will be at: https://akademove.vercel.app/privacy
```

#### **Option B: Using Cloudflare Pages**
```bash
# Build the web app
cd apps/web
npm run build

# Upload dist folder to Cloudflare Pages dashboard
# Set custom domain if you have one: akademove.com
```

#### **Option C: Using Your Own Domain**
If you already have `akademove.com` or `akademove.id`:
1. Point DNS to your hosting provider
2. Deploy `apps/web` directory
3. Verify `/privacy` route loads correctly

#### **Test Deployment:**
```bash
# Open in browser (WITHOUT being logged in)
# Test these URLs work:
# - https://your-domain.com/privacy ✅
# - https://your-domain.com/terms ✅
# - https://your-domain.com/faq ✅

# Test in incognito/private mode to verify public access
```

---

### **Step 2: Add Privacy URL to Google Play Console** (5 minutes)

1. Go to [Google Play Console](https://play.google.com/console)
2. Select your app (AkadeMove)
3. Navigate to: **Policy** > **App content** > **Privacy policy**
4. Enter your URL: `https://your-domain.com/privacy`
5. Click **Save**

---

### **Step 3: Fill Out Data Safety Form** (20 minutes)

Still in Google Play Console: **Policy** > **App content** > **Data safety**

#### **Data Types to Declare:**

**✅ Location**
- Precise location: ☑️ YES
- Approximate location: ☑️ YES
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☐ NO
- Purposes: App functionality, Personalization, Fraud prevention
- Collected in background: ☑️ YES
  - **Justification:** "Required for real-time trip tracking during active rides/deliveries only. Location is NOT collected when app is idle or offline. Full explanation available in our Privacy Policy."

**✅ Personal Info**
- Name: ☑️ YES
- Email address: ☑️ YES  
- Phone number: ☑️ YES
- Gender: ☑️ YES
- Photos/Videos: ☑️ YES (for ID verification)
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☑️ YES (with Midtrans for payment processing)
- Purposes: Account management, App functionality, Fraud prevention

**✅ Financial Info**
- User payment info: ☑️ YES
- Bank account info: ☑️ YES
- Transaction history: ☑️ YES
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☑️ YES (with Midtrans payment processor)
- Purpose: App functionality

**✅ Messages**
- In-app messages: ☑️ YES
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☐ NO
- Purpose: App functionality

**✅ Photos and Videos**
- Photos: ☑️ YES (ID documents)
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☐ NO
- Purpose: Account management, Fraud prevention

**✅ Files and Docs**
- Files and docs: ☑️ YES (for KTM, SIM, STNK uploads)
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☐ NO
- Purpose: Account management, Fraud prevention

**✅ App Activity**
- App interactions: ☑️ YES
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☐ NO (unless using Firebase Analytics - check!)
- Purpose: Analytics, App functionality

**⚠️ Device or Other IDs** (Only if using Firebase Analytics)
- Device or other IDs: ☑️ YES (if Firebase Analytics enabled)
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☑️ YES (with Google Firebase)
- Purpose: Analytics, Fraud prevention

#### **Data Handling Practices:**
For ALL data types:
- **Data is encrypted in transit:** ☑️ YES
- **Users can request data deletion:** ☑️ YES

---

### **Step 4: Update Mobile App Code** (15 minutes)

#### **Add Terms Acceptance to Registration**

Edit your sign-up screen (find in `apps/mobile/lib/features/auth/`):

```dart
// Add to sign-up form state
bool _agreedToTerms = false;

// Add checkbox before submit button
CheckboxListTile(
  dense: true,
  controlAffinity: ListTileControlAffinity.leading,
  title: RichText(
    text: TextSpan(
      style: context.typography.small.copyWith(fontSize: 12.sp),
      children: [
        const TextSpan(text: 'I agree to the '),
        TextSpan(
          text: 'Terms of Service',
          style: TextStyle(
            color: Theme.of(context).colorScheme.primary,
            decoration: TextDecoration.underline,
          ),
          recognizer: TapGestureRecognizer()
            ..onTap = () {
              Navigator.of(context).push(
                MaterialPageRoute(
                  builder: (_) => const TermsOfServiceScreen(),
                ),
              );
            },
        ),
        const TextSpan(text: ' and '),
        TextSpan(
          text: 'Privacy Policy',
          style: TextStyle(
            color: Theme.of(context).colorScheme.primary,
            decoration: TextDecoration.underline,
          ),
          recognizer: TapGestureRecognizer()
            ..onTap = () {
              Navigator.of(context).push(
                MaterialPageRoute(
                  builder: (_) => const PrivacyPoliciesScreen(),
                ),
              );
            },
        ),
      ],
    ),
  ),
  value: _agreedToTerms,
  onChanged: (value) => setState(() => _agreedToTerms = value ?? false),
),

// Update submit button
Button.primary(
  onPressed: _agreedToTerms ? _handleSignUp : null,
  child: const Text('Sign Up'),
),
```

---

#### **Add Links to Settings/Profile**

Edit your settings screen (find in `apps/mobile/lib/features/profile/` or similar):

```dart
// Add these menu items

ListTile(
  leading: const Icon(LucideIcons.fileText),
  title: const Text('Terms of Service'),
  trailing: const Icon(LucideIcons.chevronRight),
  onTap: () {
    Navigator.of(context).push(
      MaterialPageRoute(
        builder: (_) => const TermsOfServiceScreen(),
      ),
    );
  },
),

ListTile(
  leading: const Icon(LucideIcons.shield),
  title: const Text('Privacy Policy'),
  trailing: const Icon(LucideIcons.chevronRight),
  onTap: () {
    Navigator.of(context).push(
      MaterialPageRoute(
        builder: (_) => const PrivacyPoliciesScreen(),
      ),
    );
  },
),

ListTile(
  leading: const Icon(LucideIcons.circle), // or helpCircle if available
  title: const Text('FAQ'),
  trailing: const Icon(LucideIcons.chevronRight),
  onTap: () {
    Navigator.of(context).push(
      MaterialPageRoute(
        builder: (_) => const FaqScreen(),
      ),
    );
  },
),
```

Add import at top:
```dart
import 'package:akademove/features/shared/presentation/screens/terms_of_service_screen.dart';
import 'package:akademove/features/shared/presentation/screens/privacy_policies_screen.dart';
import 'package:akademove/features/shared/presentation/screens/faq_screen.dart';
```

---

### **Step 5: Test on Real Devices** (15 minutes)

```bash
# Run on Android device
cd apps/mobile
flutter run

# Test these flows:
# ✅ Sign up with terms checkbox (should be required)
# ✅ Navigate to Settings > Terms of Service (should load)
# ✅ Navigate to Settings > Privacy Policy (should load)
# ✅ Navigate to Settings > FAQ (should load)
# ✅ All accordions expand/collapse properly
# ✅ Text is readable, no overflow errors
```

---

### **Step 6: Build Release APK/AAB** (10 minutes)

```bash
cd apps/mobile

# Build release bundle for Google Play
flutter build appbundle --release

# Output will be at:
# build/app/outputs/bundle/release/app-release.aab

# Verify size is reasonable (should be < 50MB)
ls -lh build/app/outputs/bundle/release/app-release.aab
```

---

### **Step 7: Upload to Google Play Console** (20 minutes)

1. Go to [Google Play Console](https://play.google.com/console)
2. Navigate to: **Release** > **Production** > **Create new release**
3. Upload `app-release.aab`
4. Add release notes:
   ```
   Version X.X.X
   - Enhanced privacy controls
   - Added Terms of Service
   - Added FAQ section
   - Improved data transparency
   - Bug fixes and performance improvements
   ```
5. **Before submitting, verify:**
   - ☑️ Privacy policy URL is set
   - ☑️ Data Safety form is complete
   - ☑️ App content questionnaire complete
   - ☑️ Target audience set
   - ☑️ Content rating obtained

6. Click **Review release** → **Start rollout to Production**

---

## 🎯 **VERIFICATION CHECKLIST**

Before hitting "Submit for Review":

### **Privacy Policy** ✅
- [ ] Publicly accessible URL (test in incognito)
- [ ] Loads without login
- [ ] Contains all required sections
- [ ] URL added to Play Console

### **Terms of Service** ✅  
- [ ] Accessible in mobile app
- [ ] Can be viewed during sign-up
- [ ] Acceptance checkbox required

### **Data Safety** ✅
- [ ] All data types declared
- [ ] Background location justified
- [ ] Purposes clearly stated
- [ ] Third-party sharing disclosed

### **App Features** ✅
- [ ] Terms screen loads
- [ ] Privacy screen loads
- [ ] FAQ screen loads
- [ ] Settings links work
- [ ] Sign-up requires terms acceptance

---

## 📱 **EXPECTED REVIEW TIME**

- **First review:** 2-7 days
- **Subsequent updates:** 1-3 days

Google may request clarifications. Common requests:
- More detail on background location usage → **Already covered in privacy policy**
- Proof of privacy policy URL → **Already submitted**
- Data safety justifications → **Already documented**

---

## ⚠️ **IF REVIEW IS REJECTED**

Common reasons and fixes:

**"Privacy policy not accessible"**
- ✅ Already fixed - we have public URL

**"Background location not justified"**
- ✅ Already fixed - detailed explanation in privacy policy

**"Terms of service missing"**
- ✅ Already fixed - new screen created

**"Data Safety incomplete"**
- 🔧 Review Step 3 above, ensure all data types declared

**"Third-party SDKs not disclosed"**
- ✅ Already fixed - all SDKs listed in privacy policy

---

## 🆘 **TROUBLESHOOTING**

### **"Cannot access privacy URL"**
- Ensure web app is deployed
- Test in incognito mode
- Check DNS propagation if using custom domain

### **"Build fails"**
```bash
# Clear Flutter cache
flutter clean
flutter pub get
cd apps/mobile
flutter clean
flutter pub get

# Rebuild
flutter build appbundle --release
```

### **"Terms checkbox not working"**
- Verify `GestureRecognizer` is disposed properly
- Check navigation is set up correctly
- Test on physical device, not just emulator

---

## 📞 **NEED HELP?**

- Review `GOOGLE_PLAY_COMPLIANCE_SUMMARY.md` for detailed info
- Check Google Play Console Help Center
- Email Google Play Support (from Play Console)

---

## ✅ **COMPLETION CHECKLIST**

- [ ] Web app deployed to public URL
- [ ] Privacy URL added to Play Console
- [ ] Data Safety form completed
- [ ] Terms acceptance added to sign-up
- [ ] Settings links added
- [ ] Tested on real device
- [ ] Release AAB built
- [ ] Uploaded to Play Console
- [ ] Release notes written
- [ ] Clicked "Submit for Review"

**Estimated Total Time:** 2-3 hours  
**Difficulty:** Easy to Medium  
**Success Rate:** Very High (all requirements met)

---

Good luck with your submission! 🎉

Commit message:

feat: implement Google Play compliance requirements for account deletion and terms acceptance
Add comprehensive account deletion flow across mobile, web, and server to meet Google Play Data Safety requirements. Implement mandatory terms acceptance during registration for all user types (USER, DRIVER, MERCHANT). Add profile screen links to Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and FAQ pages.

Mobile:
- Add terms acceptance checkboxes to sign-up screens with validation
- Add delete account button widget in profile screens for all roles
- Add navigation links to Terms, Privacy, FAQ in user profile
- Add i18n translations for account deletion flow and terms

Web:
- Create standalone account deletion page at /account-deletion
- Add account deletion form component with multiple contact methods
- Add cookie consent component for GDPR compliance
- Update audit log table with enhanced filtering

Server:
- Enhance KV service for cache management
- Update audit repository with improved query capabilities
- Add dashboard stats service optimizations

Generated:
- Update Dart API client with latest OpenAPI spec changes
- Add models for audit logs, driver actions, merchant operations

GOOGLE_PLAY_SUBMISSION_GUIDE.md, after:

# Quick Start Guide - Complete Google Play Submission

This guide walks you through the remaining manual steps to complete your Google Play Store submission.

---

## ✅ **WHAT'S ALREADY DONE**

All code implementations are complete:
- ✅ Enhanced web privacy policy (3 new sections)
- ✅ Mobile Terms of Service screen (brand new)
- ✅ Mobile FAQ screen (brand new)
- ✅ Background location justification
- ✅ Third-party SDK disclosures
- ✅ Data deletion instructions
- ✅ Updated dates to December 6, 2025

---

## 🚀 **REMAINING STEPS** (2-3 hours total)

### **Step 1: Deploy Web App** (5 minutes) 🚨 **CRITICAL**

You already have the domain `https://akademove.com` deployed. You just need to redeploy with the latest changes (account deletion page).

```bash
cd /home/morty/Work/akademove

# Build the latest changes
bun run build

# Deploy to production (Cloudflare via Alchemy)
bun run deploy
```

**After deployment, verify these URLs are accessible:**
- ✅ Privacy Policy: https://akademove.com/privacy (already working!)
- ⚠️ Account Deletion: https://akademove.com/account-deletion (needs deployment)
- ✅ Terms of Service: https://akademove.com/terms (should work after deployment)

#### **Option C: Using Your Own Domain**
If you already have `akademove.com` or `akademove.id`:
1. Point DNS to your hosting provider
2. Deploy `apps/web` directory
3. Verify `/privacy` route loads correctly

#### **Test Deployment:**
```bash
# Open in browser (WITHOUT being logged in)
# Test these URLs work:
# - https://your-domain.com/privacy ✅
# - https://your-domain.com/terms ✅
# - https://your-domain.com/faq ✅

# Test in incognito/private mode to verify public access
```

---

### **Step 2: Add Required URLs to Google Play Console** (10 minutes)

1. Go to [Google Play Console](https://play.google.com/console)
2. Select your app (AkadeMove)

#### **Privacy Policy URL:**
3. Navigate to: **Policy** > **App content** > **Privacy policy**
4. Enter your URL: `https://akademove.com/privacy` ✅ (already deployed and working!)
5. Click **Save**

#### **Account Deletion URL:**
6. Navigate to: **Policy** > **App content** > **Data safety** > **Data deletion**
7. Enter your URL: `https://akademove.com/account-deletion` ⚠️ (will work after redeployment)
8. Click **Save**

**Note:** Both URLs MUST be publicly accessible (no login required). Test in incognito mode to verify.

---

### **Step 3: Fill Out Data Safety Form** (20 minutes)

Still in Google Play Console: **Policy** > **App content** > **Data safety**

#### **Data Types to Declare:**

**✅ Location**
- Precise location: ☑️ YES
- Approximate location: ☑️ YES
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☐ NO
- Purposes: App functionality, Personalization, Fraud prevention
- Collected in background: ☑️ YES
  - **Justification:** "Required for real-time trip tracking during active rides/deliveries only. Location is NOT collected when app is idle or offline. Full explanation available in our Privacy Policy."

**✅ Personal Info**
- Name: ☑️ YES
- Email address: ☑️ YES  
- Phone number: ☑️ YES
- Gender: ☑️ YES
- Photos/Videos: ☑️ YES (for ID verification)
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☑️ YES (with Midtrans for payment processing)
- Purposes: Account management, App functionality, Fraud prevention

**✅ Financial Info**
- User payment info: ☑️ YES
- Bank account info: ☑️ YES
- Transaction history: ☑️ YES
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☑️ YES (with Midtrans payment processor)
- Purpose: App functionality

**✅ Messages**
- In-app messages: ☑️ YES
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☐ NO
- Purpose: App functionality

**✅ Photos and Videos**
- Photos: ☑️ YES (ID documents)
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☐ NO
- Purpose: Account management, Fraud prevention

**✅ Files and Docs**
- Files and docs: ☑️ YES (for KTM, SIM, STNK uploads)
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☐ NO
- Purpose: Account management, Fraud prevention

**✅ App Activity**
- App interactions: ☑️ YES
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☐ NO (unless using Firebase Analytics - check!)
- Purpose: Analytics, App functionality

**⚠️ Device or Other IDs** (Only if using Firebase Analytics)
- Device or other IDs: ☑️ YES (if Firebase Analytics enabled)
- Collected: ☑️ YES
- Shared: ☑️ YES (with Google Firebase)
- Purpose: Analytics, Fraud prevention

#### **Data Handling Practices:**
For ALL data types:
- **Data is encrypted in transit:** ☑️ YES
- **Users can request data deletion:** ☑️ YES

---

### **Step 4: Update Mobile App Code** (15 minutes)

#### **Add Terms Acceptance to Registration**

Edit your sign-up screen (find in `apps/mobile/lib/features/auth/`):

```dart
// Add to sign-up form state
bool _agreedToTerms = false;

// Add checkbox before submit button
CheckboxListTile(
  dense: true,
  controlAffinity: ListTileControlAffinity.leading,
  title: RichText(
    text: TextSpan(
      style: context.typography.small.copyWith(fontSize: 12.sp),
      children: [
        const TextSpan(text: 'I agree to the '),
        TextSpan(
          text: 'Terms of Service',
          style: TextStyle(
            color: Theme.of(context).colorScheme.primary,
            decoration: TextDecoration.underline,
          ),
          recognizer: TapGestureRecognizer()
            ..onTap = () {
              Navigator.of(context).push(
                MaterialPageRoute(
                  builder: (_) => const TermsOfServiceScreen(),
                ),
              );
            },
        ),
        const TextSpan(text: ' and '),
        TextSpan(
          text: 'Privacy Policy',
          style: TextStyle(
            color: Theme.of(context).colorScheme.primary,
            decoration: TextDecoration.underline,
          ),
          recognizer: TapGestureRecognizer()
            ..onTap = () {
              Navigator.of(context).push(
                MaterialPageRoute(
                  builder: (_) => const PrivacyPoliciesScreen(),
                ),
              );
            },
        ),
      ],
    ),
  ),
  value: _agreedToTerms,
  onChanged: (value) => setState(() => _agreedToTerms = value ?? false),
),

// Update submit button
Button.primary(
  onPressed: _agreedToTerms ? _handleSignUp : null,
  child: const Text('Sign Up'),
),
```

---

#### **Add Links to Settings/Profile**

Edit your settings screen (find in `apps/mobile/lib/features/profile/` or similar):

```dart
// Add these menu items

ListTile(
  leading: const Icon(LucideIcons.fileText),
  title: const Text('Terms of Service'),
  trailing: const Icon(LucideIcons.chevronRight),
  onTap: () {
    Navigator.of(context).push(
      MaterialPageRoute(
        builder: (_) => const TermsOfServiceScreen(),
      ),
    );
  },
),

ListTile(
  leading: const Icon(LucideIcons.shield),
  title: const Text('Privacy Policy'),
  trailing: const Icon(LucideIcons.chevronRight),
  onTap: () {
    Navigator.of(context).push(
      MaterialPageRoute(
        builder: (_) => const PrivacyPoliciesScreen(),
      ),
    );
  },
),

ListTile(
  leading: const Icon(LucideIcons.circle), // or helpCircle if available
  title: const Text('FAQ'),
  trailing: const Icon(LucideIcons.chevronRight),
  onTap: () {
    Navigator.of(context).push(
      MaterialPageRoute(
        builder: (_) => const FaqScreen(),
      ),
    );
  },
),
```

Add import at top:
```dart
import 'package:akademove/features/shared/presentation/screens/terms_of_service_screen.dart';
import 'package:akademove/features/shared/presentation/screens/privacy_policies_screen.dart';
import 'package:akademove/features/shared/presentation/screens/faq_screen.dart';
```

---

### **Step 5: Test on Real Devices** (15 minutes)

```bash
# Run on Android device
cd apps/mobile
flutter run

# Test these flows:
# ✅ Sign up with terms checkbox (should be required)
# ✅ Navigate to Settings > Terms of Service (should load)
# ✅ Navigate to Settings > Privacy Policy (should load)
# ✅ Navigate to Settings > FAQ (should load)
# ✅ All accordions expand/collapse properly
# ✅ Text is readable, no overflow errors
```

---

### **Step 6: Build Release APK/AAB** (10 minutes)

```bash
cd apps/mobile

# Build release bundle for Google Play
flutter build appbundle --release

# Output will be at:
# build/app/outputs/bundle/release/app-release.aab

# Verify size is reasonable (should be < 50MB)
ls -lh build/app/outputs/bundle/release/app-release.aab
```

---

### **Step 7: Upload to Google Play Console** (20 minutes)

1. Go to [Google Play Console](https://play.google.com/console)
2. Navigate to: **Release** > **Production** > **Create new release**
3. Upload `app-release.aab`
4. Add release notes:
   ```
   Version X.X.X
   - Enhanced privacy controls
   - Added Terms of Service
   - Added FAQ section
   - Improved data transparency
   - Bug fixes and performance improvements
   ```
5. **Before submitting, verify:**
   - ☑️ Privacy policy URL is set
   - ☑️ Data Safety form is complete
   - ☑️ App content questionnaire complete
   - ☑️ Target audience set
   - ☑️ Content rating obtained

6. Click **Review release** → **Start rollout to Production**

---

## 🎯 **VERIFICATION CHECKLIST**

Before hitting "Submit for Review":

### **Privacy Policy** ✅
- [ ] Publicly accessible URL (test in incognito)
- [ ] Loads without login
- [ ] Contains all required sections
- [ ] URL added to Play Console

### **Terms of Service** ✅  
- [ ] Accessible in mobile app
- [ ] Can be viewed during sign-up
- [ ] Acceptance checkbox required

### **Data Safety** ✅
- [ ] All data types declared
- [ ] Background location justified
- [ ] Purposes clearly stated
- [ ] Third-party sharing disclosed

### **App Features** ✅
- [ ] Terms screen loads
- [ ] Privacy screen loads
- [ ] FAQ screen loads
- [ ] Settings links work
- [ ] Sign-up requires terms acceptance

---

## 📱 **EXPECTED REVIEW TIME**

- **First review:** 2-7 days
- **Subsequent updates:** 1-3 days

Google may request clarifications. Common requests:
- More detail on background location usage → **Already covered in privacy policy**
- Proof of privacy policy URL → **Already submitted**
- Data safety justifications → **Already documented**

---

## ⚠️ **IF REVIEW IS REJECTED**

Common reasons and fixes:

**"Privacy policy not accessible"**
- ✅ Already fixed - we have public URL

**"Background location not justified"**
- ✅ Already fixed - detailed explanation in privacy policy

**"Terms of service missing"**
- ✅ Already fixed - new screen created

**"Data Safety incomplete"**
- 🔧 Review Step 3 above, ensure all data types declared

**"Third-party SDKs not disclosed"**
- ✅ Already fixed - all SDKs listed in privacy policy

---

## 🆘 **TROUBLESHOOTING**

### **"Cannot access privacy URL"**
- Ensure web app is deployed
- Test in incognito mode
- Check DNS propagation if using custom domain

### **"Build fails"**
```bash
# Clear Flutter cache
flutter clean
flutter pub get
cd apps/mobile
flutter clean
flutter pub get

# Rebuild
flutter build appbundle --release
```

### **"Terms checkbox not working"**
- Verify `GestureRecognizer` is disposed properly
- Check navigation is set up correctly
- Test on physical device, not just emulator

---

## 📞 **NEED HELP?**

- Review `GOOGLE_PLAY_COMPLIANCE_SUMMARY.md` for detailed info
- Check Google Play Console Help Center
- Email Google Play Support (from Play Console)

---

## ✅ **COMPLETION CHECKLIST**

- [ ] Web app deployed to public URL
- [ ] Privacy URL added to Play Console
- [ ] Data Safety form completed
- [ ] Terms acceptance added to sign-up
- [ ] Settings links added
- [ ] Tested on real device
- [ ] Release AAB built
- [ ] Uploaded to Play Console
- [ ] Release notes written
- [ ] Clicked "Submit for Review"

**Estimated Total Time:** 2-3 hours  
**Difficulty:** Easy to Medium  
**Success Rate:** Very High (all requirements met)

---

Good luck with your submission! 🎉
